what so long what you can and cannot say
on a billboard
I assume you can't say nothing
defamatory and you can't say piss
or cut that right or anus I think I'll
be all right then I guess you're anxious
brother that's right
I'm Angela Hayes this manner so Mildred
Hayes why did you put up these
billboards my daughter Angela was
murdered seven months ago it seems to me
the police department is too busy
torturing black folks to solve actual
crime diction I'm in the middle of my
goddamn Easter dinner sorry kids I know
Chief but I think we got kind of a
problem
son son baby not a good I'd do anything
to catch your daughter's killer I don't
think those billboards is very fair and
it took you to get out here whining like
a Willoughby some other poor
girl's probably out there being
butchered right now we've had two
official complaints about those
billboards from a who the lady was a
funny I lady with a funny high I
have fat Dennis it's a lot of good
friends will it be in this town is a
little hole in the Dennis today did you
ah I said of course not I'm sorry about
Angie but the town is dead set against
these billboards yeah that's who that
can what can about you sweetheart I know
I ever
go go okay it
but don't say what Dickson when she
comes in calling you it where you
keep a case in the public eye the better
your chances are getting it's all
[Music]
you know if you hadn't stopped coming to
church you'd have a little bit more
understanding of people's feelings this
anger just begets greater anger in three
two and as sad as the spectacle of these
billboards might be this reporter for
one hopes this finally puts an end to
the strange saga of the three billboards
out put an end to Shay you
this is just a start why don't
you put that on your good morning
Missouri wake up broadcast